Docs on how to add the path of a node as a searchable field into the index (#2670)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Searching/Examine/Quick-Start/index.md

```csharp
var results = searcher.CreateQuery("content").ParentId(1105).Field("bodyText", searchTerm).Execute();
```

> ### Search descendants of a specific home node
> To search through **all descendants of a specific node** by their **bodyText property**, refer [here](../examine-events#Adding-the-path-of-the-node-as-a-searchable-field-into-the-index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Search descendants of a specific home node

To search through **all descendants of a specific node** by their **bodyText property**, refer to [this article](../examine-events#Adding-the-path-of-the-node-as-a-searchable-field-into-the-index).
```
